So if you're a parent, you've got to be very careful with using some of
the techniques that you've learned and being a military leader with
your family. Wow, that's not gonna come across appropriately with
them. You know, I've had, ah, guys that I have known that, you know,
did ah, instructor duty. Whether it was at RTC is a, you know, drill
instructor or being at, like, dive school is a dive school instructor
where you're pretty aggressive with the way that you conduct business
with students because you're trying to stress them. You're trying
to put them through, ah, particular situation that's gonna come
out with a better result. In the end, you can't go home and then use
those same tactics that you were using with you No boot camp recruits
or, ah, dive school student and use that on your son because he didn't
make his bed. You know, you're gonna find that that is going to
disrupt your family life. So you have to make sure, you know, you
kind of separate, uh, your military life from your family life. And
don't let those those techniques kind of blend over, or else you can.
You can end up with some issues